Add parallel detection option for HDF5 and update MacOS CI (#1393)
parthenon-hpc-lab/parthenon: CMakeLists.txt

  endif()
  set(ENABLE_HDF5 ON)

>   if(HDF5_IS_PARALLEL OR HDF5_PROVIDES_PARALLEL)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  if((NOT HDF5_IS_PARALLEL) AND HDF5_PROVIDES_PARALLEL)
```
This is the intent right? `find_package` doesn't set `HDF5_IS_PARALLEL`, but the implementation does provide it.

Author: Thanks for spotting this, yes this is the better check.
